README.md, before:

[![Telegram Product Hunt Bot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Bot-blue?logo=telegram)](https://t.me/AwesomeQwerteeBot)
[![GitHub Actions](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
![healthchecks.io](https://healthchecks.io/badge/396c7d03-faf7-4562-9f83-1194d0/n-TwoPva-2/ProductHunt.shields)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/blob/trunk/LICENSE)
[![Last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/commits)
[![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/total.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/releases)
[![Latest tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/tags)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/issues)
[![Pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/pulls)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d6eb9ee5488548dca0536ecd93e16ae0)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Dependabot](https://badgen.net/badge/icon/dependabot?icon=dependabot&label)](https://python.org/)
![Snyk Vulnerabilities for GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/snyk/vulnerabilities/github/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot)
[![Telegram Product Hunt Bot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-green?logo=nodedotjs)](https://t.me/AwesomeQwerteeBot)

# Qwertee Telegram Bot

This [bot](http://t.me/AwesomeQwerteeBot) shows you today's posts from [Qwertee](https://www.qwertee.com/r/63ab80873f). 

#### Commands

_TBD_   

### Requirements

- Token from [@Botfather](https://telegram.me/botfather)
- SSL certificate (I recommend [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/))
- Webserver running [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (tested with [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/) & [NGINX](https://www.nginx.com/) but others should work too)
- [Sentry](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/) key (optional)
- [Healthchecks](https://healthchecks.io/#php) URL (optional)

### Setup

_TBD_

### Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.
More details may be found in the [CONTRIUBTING.md](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/ProductHuntTelegramBot/tree/trunk/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Qwertee Telegram Bot v0.1 (#107)
* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Add healthchecks.io

* Update .env.example

* How to setup (#105)

* How to setup

* Update HOWTOSETUP.md

Co-authored-by: CrazyMarvin <git@poopjournal.rocks>

* Create about.md

* Create description.md

* Create welcome.md

* Create commands.md

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: DevPablo-code <61848330+DevPablo-code@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

[![Telegram Product Hunt Bot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Bot-blue?logo=telegram)](https://t.me/AwesomeQwerteeBot)
[![GitHub Actions](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
![healthchecks.io](https://healthchecks.io/badge/396c7d03-faf7-4562-9f83-1194d0/I1QbwtCZ/Qwertee.shields)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/blob/trunk/LICENSE)
[![Last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/commits)
[![Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/total.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/releases)
[![Latest tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/tags)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/issues)
[![Pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/pulls)
[![Codacy Badge](https://app.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d6eb9ee5488548dca0536ecd93e16ae0)](https://www.codacy.com/gh/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/dashboard?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Dependabot](https://badgen.net/badge/icon/dependabot?icon=dependabot&label)](https://python.org/)
![Snyk Vulnerabilities for GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/snyk/vulnerabilities/github/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot)
[![Telegram Product Hunt Bot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-green?logo=nodedotjs)](https://t.me/AwesomeQwerteeBot)

# Qwertee Telegram Bot

This [bot](http://t.me/AwesomeQwerteeBot) shows you today's posts from [Qwertee](https://www.qwertee.com/r/63ab80873f). 

![QwerteeTelegramBot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15004217/147385691-653fa749-9e6f-4900-a7a3-331606df4176.PNG)

### Commands

/start - This starts the bot  
Tees - This sends the tees  
Settings - This lets you configure the bot  
Close - This closes the keyboard  

### Requirements

- Token from [@Botfather](https://telegram.me/botfather)
- SSL certificate (I recommend [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/))
- Webserver running [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (tested with [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/) & [NGINX](https://www.nginx.com/) but others should work too)
- [Sentry](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/) key (optional)
- [Healthchecks](https://healthchecks.io/#php) URL (optional)

### Setup

Look into [HOWTOSETUP.md](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/QwerteeTelegramBot/blob/trunk/HOWTOSETUP.md).

### Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.
Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.
More details may be found in the [CONTRIUBTING.md](https://github.com/Crazy-Marvin/ProductHuntTelegramBot/tree/trunk/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
